---
title: 人
summary: person
tags:
  - RRTK
params:
  keyword: person
  state: review
  interval: 66
  ease: 2500
  reps: 4
  lapses: 0
---

**Keyword:** person

### Story

Behold Mister T (of "A-Team" fame)! I chose Mr.T because he's sure to make amusing stories. He is a very versatile character since he's both the big, tough guy and the "moralistic" person, telling kids not "to do drugs or alcohol". He is easy to imagine, the heavy gold chains are probably the most prominent feature of the character. And last but not least you can always pepper your story with the famous line "I pity da foo!" * Fittingly, on the left side of the kanji, it looks like a "T".

[I appreciate some people's occasional habit of using P for person in shared stories. That makes it easier to substitute Mr. T, Captain Picard, or whomever else a student is using as person.].

### Primitive

As a primitive, it can keep its kanji form except when it appears to the left (its normal position), where it is made to stand up in the form 亻.
The primitive meaning is another matter. The abstract notion of person so often has a relation to the meaning of the kanji that confusion readily sets in. So many of the previous stories have included people in them that simply to use person for a primitive meaning would be risky. We need to be more specific, to focus on one particular person. Try to choose someone who has not figured in the stories so far, perhaps a colorful member of the family or a friend whom you have known for a long time. That individual will appear again and again, so be sure to choose someone who excites your imagination.

---

### Progress

- **Status:** review
- **Reviews:** 4
- **Lapses:** 0
- **Interval:** 2.2mo
- **Ease:** 250%

#### Review History

| Date | Rating | Interval | Time |
|------|--------|----------|------|
| 2026-04-08 | good | 300s | 2.4s |
| 2026-04-08 | good | 600s | 1.7s |
| 2026-04-08 | good | 7d | 1.3s |
| 2026-04-15 | good | 2.2mo | 1.7s |
